Rework planning for foreman (#3634)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_smartproxy-features.adoc

[id="{SmartProxy}-Features_{context}"]
= {SmartProxy} features

ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
{SmartProxyServers} provide local host management services and can mirror content from {ProjectServer}.
endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-el,foreman-deb[]
{SmartProxyServers} provide local host management services.
endif::[]

ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]

> To mirror content from {ProjectServer}, {SmartProxy} provides the following functionalities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mirror content from {ProjectServer}, {SmartProxyServers} provide the following functionalities:
```

Author: Applied.
